[docs][PLAT-7408] Add details of certified Helm charts for OpenShift (#19701)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/install-software/openshift.md

  ```shell
  oc new-project yb-platform
  ```

  Expect the following output:

  ```output
  Now using project "yb-platform" on server "web-console-address"
  ```

- Apply the YugabyteDB Anywhere secret that you obtained from Yugabyte Support by executing the following command:

  ```shell
  oc create -f yugabyte-k8s-secret.yml -n yb-platform
  ```

  Expect the following output:

  ```output
  secret/yugabyte-k8s-pull-secret created
  ```

## Certified Helm chart-based installation

{{< note title="Note" >}}

The YugabyteDB Anywhere [Red Hat certified Helm chart](https://catalog.redhat.com/software/container-stacks/detail/6371ef8950ac9be93651a765) is only available for stable releases of YugabyteDB Anywhere.

{{< /note >}}

Installing the YugabyteDB Anywhere [Red Hat certified Helm chart](https://catalog.redhat.com/software/container-stacks/detail/6371ef8950ac9be93651a765) on an OpenShift cluster involves the following:

- [Installing YugabyteDB Anywhere using certified Helm chart](#install-yugabytedb-anywhere-using-certified-helm-chart)
- [Finding the availability zone labels](#find-the-availability-zone-labels)

> - [Accessing and configuring YugabyteDB Anywhere](#access-and-configure-yugabyte-platform)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Accessing and configuring YugabyteDB Anywhere](#access-and-configure-yugabytedb-anywhere)
```

      app: yugaware
  subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: yugaware-openshift
    namespace: yb-platform
  roleRef:
    kind: ClusterRole
    name: cluster-monitoring-view
    apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  EOF
  ```
  - Certain container-level metrics like CPU, memory will be unavailable without the above `ClusterRoleBinding`.

After installation is complete, status is shown as follows:

![Successful Helm installation OpenShift console](/images/ee/openshift/openshift-helm-install-success-ui.png)

You can also install the certified Helm chart using CLI, see [Installing a Helm chart on an OpenShift Container Platform cluster](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/applications/working_with_helm_charts/configuring-custom-helm-chart-repositories.html#installing-a-helm-chart-on-an-openshift-cluster_configuring-custom-helm-chart-repositories) for more details.

## Helm-based installation

Installing YugabyteDB Anywhere on an OpenShift cluster using Helm involves the following:

- [Creating an instance of YugabyteDB Anywhere](#create-an-instance-of-yugabytedb-anywhere-via-helm)
- [Finding the availability zone labels](#find-the-availability-zone-labels)

> - [Accessing and configuring YugabyteDB Anywhere](#access-and-configure-yugabyte-platform)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Accessing and configuring YugabyteDB Anywhere](#access-and-configure-yugabytedb-anywhere)
```

>   - ClusterRole or ClusterRoleBinding with the cluster-admin role are recommended if your intention is to create clusters across multiple namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating ClusterRole or ClusterRoleBinding with the cluster-admin role are recommended if your intention is to create clusters across multiple namespaces.

```

Author: Actually, this sentence shouldn't be here. I will remove it.

>   - Certain container-level metrics like CPU, memory will be unavailable without the above `ClusterRoleBinding`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't create the `ClusterRoleBinding`, some container-level metrics like CPU and memory will be unavailable.
```

### Use the command line

Alternatively, you can find the availability zone codes using the oc CLI.

> You start by configuring oc with an admin account (kube:admin) and following the procedure described in [Configure oc with the OCP Cluster](#configure-oc-with-the-ocp-cluster).

Reviewer: Section linked doesn't exist

```output
12.34.56.78
```

## (Deprecated) Operator-based installation {#operator-based-installation}

{{< warning title="Operator based installation is deprecated" >}}

> The operator based installation of YugabyteDB Anywhere has been deprecated, consider using the [Red Hat certified Helm charts](#certified-helm-chart-based-installation) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator-based installation of YugabyteDB Anywhere has been deprecated, consider using the [Red Hat certified Helm charts](#certified-helm-chart-based-installation) instead.
```

{{< /warning >}}

Installing YugabyteDB Anywhere on an OpenShift cluster using the YugabyteDB Anywhere Operator involves the following:

> - [Installing the Operator itself](#install-the-operator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Installing the Operator](#install-the-operator)
```

- [Accessing and configuring YugabyteDB Anywhere](#access-and-configure-yugabytedb-anywhere)
- Optionally, [upgrading the YugabyteDB Anywhere instance](#upgrade-the-yugabytedb-anywhere-instance)

### Install the Operator

You can install the YugabyteDB Anywhere Operator via the OpenShift web console or command line.

#### Use the OpenShift web console

You can install the YugabyteDB Anywhere Operator as follows:

- Log in to the OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) cluster's web console using admin credentials (for example, kube:admin).
- Navigate to the **Operators > OperatorHub**, search for YugabyteDB Anywhere Operator, and then open it to display details about the operator, as shown in the following illustration:

  ![Operator](/images/ee/openshift-operator.png)

- Click **Install**.
- Accept default settings on the **Install Operator** page, as shown in the following illustration, and then click **Install**.

  ![Install Operator](/images/ee/openshift-install-operator.png)

After the installation is complete, the message shown in the following illustration is displayed:

![Operator Installed](/images/ee/openshift-operator-installed.png)

#### Use the command line

> Alternatively, you can install the operator via the command line. You start by configuring oc with an admin account (kube:admin) and following the procedure described in [Configure oc with the OCP Cluster](#configure-the-cli-with-the-ocp-cluster).

Reviewer: Section linked doesn't exist
